congratulations are also in order for
the Gonzaga Bulldogs to advance to the
sweet 16 for the fifth consecutive year
despite the fact that Gonzaga is a
totally imaginary place so last week on
the show I put forward a theory that
Gonzaga does not in fact exist and that
is causing a bit of consternation up in
Washington state where they say it does
people in Spokane are confused which is
understandable you live in a place you
think something is and then you find out
it isn't you know what's challenges
everything so some local news outlets
now are pushing back including our own
local ABC affiliate KXLY in Spokane
Kimmel tried to use our coverage as
further proof Gonzaga is not real
incidentally tournament appearance look
at that bustling totally real campus
there obviously extras in front of a
green screen
well Kimmel clearly didn't see this
video of a much more bustling campus and
clearly hasn't talked to Gonzaga grads
like myself who sat through four years
of very real classes on a very real
campus men and very notice she said very
real listen things are either real or
they aren't real
I'm Gary it's like being good or very
dead either way you're dead so we also
got some blowback from a show called
good day Spokane my favorite though
honestly I'm all of that is it one of
his videos that he did just last night
he's like yeah they want me to come to
Spokane next thing you know I'm gonna
end up in a field without any luggage
Jimmy Kimmel everybody they say it
exactly I'm starting to question if
these people are even real
I even had a message from the Dean of
the Gonzaga Law School and the state
attorney general and some alleged
students hey Jimmy I'm Jacob Rigsby Dean
of Gonzaga Law School and I'm here with
the real Bob Ferguson Attorney General
of the state of wait at the Attorney
General he stayed a lot with the troll
doll on his head it's no wonder they
legalized marijuana first anyway
continue thanks so much for responding
to my tweet and these swing pass a
challenge you asked us to swear on a
stack of Bibles and put our hand in the
air that Gonzaga University's real we're
gonna do you one better
we've got some real Gonzaga University
law students her take the oath instead
of us are you ready
[Music]
[Applause]
this is that as the saddest first of all
one of them called it Gonzaga the other
said Gonzaga you can't even keep your
fake name straight that stack of Bibles
they swore on it wasn't a stack look at
that it's in fact not only is it not a
stack it's not even a Bible look at what
they're swearing on this is what you get
when you this is real when you type the
words does Gonzaga into Google the first
thing comes does Gonzaga exist they
answer that question you don't need
Google is no it does not and stop
telling me Bing Crosby went there I
don't even know for sure Bing Crosby
existed okay wasn't he a friend of Santa
Claus or something we got a call over
the weekend I'm trying to stay
open-minded on this so we got a call
from the Chancellor of the University he
asked to speak on errands to be fair I
said yeah okay and so we have them with
us now live via satellite from Gonzaga
so let's say hello to Chancellor Agra
Chancellor hello
hello there Jimmy it's me gonzo AGGA the
Chancellor of Gonzaga way Twitter your
name is gonzo Agra da dr. gonzo Agra oh
that's your real like birth name it's as
real as the herpes I contracted in our
gymnasium jacuzzi no that sounds
unfortunate doctor and it really sounds
terrible it's fine I've got a little
contest going my herpes are fighting my
gonorrhea Oh or as we call it gonzaga
reah as I'm sure you heard I'm not I
don't believe Gonzaga is a real place I
think it's a made-up place designed to
win basketball tournaments
what do you how do you respond to that
well if Gonzaga isn't a real University
how could I be the Chancellor of it that
makes no sense
and you know what else makes no sense a
cat knowing how to play the keyboard Oh
though it does make me chuckle Jim yeah
yeah I know well it seems like you're
changing the subject chancellor is there
any way you can prove to us that Gonzaga
is in fact real isn't me being alive and
pretending to be the Chancellor at
Gonzaga to be the to pretending to be
the Chancellor I'm sorry
I mean being at Gonzaga not pretending
yeah it sounded like you said pretending
oh we all make yeah yeah Oh Who am I
kidding
Gonzaga isn't real it's faker than a
Tofurky I see I knew it I knew nothing
here is real Jimmy the students the
teachers the whole place the dog office
it's all fake your office is fake Oh
your office is fake
where are you right now I'm actually
sitting in the basement of a flood
Rucker's oh my god lettuce shopping and
you know what else isn't real no Eskimo
what there's no such thing they made him
up to sell pie you know I always was
suspicious of the Eskimos well thank you
so much for shedding light on this
cancelation whatever your real name is
what is your real name it's Jennifer
[Applause]
[Music]
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed